Added bruno to the things people have built using Ohm (#2)
ohmjs/ohmjs.org: src/pages/_postHomepageFeaturesContent.mdx

- [Simpletalk][] is an expressive, programmable authoring system inspired by Hypercard and Smalltalk. _(See also the [StrangeLoop talk][simpletalk-talk])._
- [Wildcard](https://www.geoffreylitt.com/wildcard/), a browser extension that empowers anyone to modify websites to meet their own specific needs, uses Ohm for its spreadsheet formulas.
- [JAMScript][] is a programming language for edge-based IoT applications.

> - [Bruno][] is an opensource IDE for exploring and testing api's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bruno][] is an open source IDE for exploring and testing APIs.
```
